Rice and beans, you can eat them with just about anything and they will be delicious.
What about kimchi?
It's a dish of fermented vegetables with a variety of seasonings, producing a complex taste
of sour and spicy.
And y'all of rice, so flavor-some.
This is cooked in an appetizing tomato and pepper puree, laced with chili for a zesty taste.
And at the end of a day of hard work, how about a piece of sweet, fruity, cool watermelon?
It's wonderfully refreshing.
All over planet Earth, there are a vast variety of nutritious, delicious, and refreshing foods.
What is what God has provided?
It is just as the Bible says, please read along with me at Ecclesiastes chapter 3, verses
12 and 13.
I have concluded that there is nothing better for them than to rejoice and to do good doing
their life.
Also that everyone should eat and drink and find enjoyment for all his hard work.
Think is the gift of God.
No doubt you enjoy your favorite foods.
Your mouth may be watering just from thinking about it.
As much as we enjoy eating individually, when we share a good meal with family and friends,
it's a special time.
In the following video, note how Jehovah's Provision of Food gives evidence that he wants
us to enjoy life.
Our tongue can detect five basic tastes.
There is sweet, salty, sour, bitter, and the rich savoury taste called umami, but we
enjoy not just five flavors, but possibly over a hundred thousand.
How?
As we chew, we also smell our food.
Doing releases aromas that pass up into our nose through the back of our throat.
Taste and smell then combine to make the flavors we enjoy.
Our taste buds develop before we're born.
As an unborn baby swallows amniotic fluid, it may taste with its mother eats, and is
more likely to enjoy the same food she does.
We don't eat just to survive.
We love to eat.
It makes us happy.
The Bible says why that everyone should eat and drink and find enjoyment for all his
hard work.
It is the gift of God.
We are made so that we must take in physical food regularly in order to survive.
Yet how grateful we are that our Creator has made eating so enjoyable.
That reflects the way of Jehovah, fulfilling our needs creates joy, not dread.
You will not find a normal individual complaining about eating a good dinner.
No, rather, it's enjoyable.
Now turn with me, please, to Matthew chapter 4, and notice another vital need we have
that relates to food.
Matthew 4, 4, it says, it is written, man must live not on bread alone, but on every
word that comes from Jehovah's mouth.
We need physical food to stay alive, and we enjoy doing so.
But the same is true with spiritual food.
We need it to stay alive spiritually.
So just as it's true with physical food, when we partake of spiritual food, we find true
joy.
Isn't that what Jesus said in his introduction to the Sermon on the Mount?
Happy are those conscious of their spiritual need?
The beauty of Jehovah's way is that he has made the satisfying of our spiritual need enjoyable.
Why do we say that?
Because God's word, the Bible, is written in a way that is appealing to us.
In his great wisdom, he used humans to write the Bible.
Think about it.
If, for example, he had used angels, would they have been able to convey the emotions
and feelings with a human touch?
Words convey not just information, but emotion, such as fear, sorrow, and disappointment,
by allowing imperfect men to choose the wording for the ideas they received through Holy Spirit.
God conveyed his message with warmth, variety, and the appeal of human emotions and feelings.
That makes his word appealing to us humans.
In addition to that, Jehovah provides a variety of spiritual food in abundance.
But taking in spiritual food requires effort just as it takes in preparing and eating a delicious meal.
Rice and beans, kimchi, and Jehovah's rice each take time and effort to prepare.
It takes effort to plant, cultivate, and pick watermelon.
But what a joy it is to experience the results of such efforts.
What can we do to make the study of God's word more enjoyable?
When reading the Bible, do so allowed in a lively manner.
But when we do that, we experience what Psalm 1 verse 2 says.
His delight is in the law of Jehovah, and he reads his law in an undertone day and night.
Take time to do research and to meditate.
By being creative, you can make personal study and family study meaningful and satisfying.
When reading the Bible, imagine the sounds, the sights, the smells, and the appearance of the events.
The August 15, 2011 watchtower said,
It is not the intention of the governing body to establish one format for all families.
Since circumstances vary, it is appropriate for each family head or individual to evaluate how this weekly occasion can be used in the best way.
In other words, make family and personal worship an enjoyable time.
It may not always be necessary or even desirable to use a question and answer method.
A relaxed atmosphere is more conducive to a lively and stimulating discussion.
It promotes creative thinking.
We marvel at Jehovah's love and wisdom.
Not only has He given us life and the means to sustain it,
but He has also given us the ability to find pleasure in doing so.
Due to human rulership, many today do not receive adequate amounts of physical food.
But the day is near when our loving creator will see to it that everyone alive will have an abundance of food and drink.
In the meantime, may all of us deserve Jehovah's love for us and enjoy the food and drink that we do have and the abundance of spiritual food.
With such perfect gifts, we look forward to enjoying life forever.
Brother Harold Corker, a helper to the publishing committee, will now present the next talk of this symposium.
Creation proves that Jehovah wants us to rejoice beautiful colors.